---
title: Key Personnel
permalink: /xingnan/Our-People/key-personnel/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Our People
variant: tiptap
---
<h3>Key Personnel</h3><h4>School Leaders</h4><hr><p><strong>Mrs Cindy Ong</strong> <br>Principal</p><p>The greatest gift an educator can give his/her students is to arouse and sustain their innate curiosity to learn, make meaning and construct knowledge through play while interacting with others, and their environment.</p><p><a href="mailto:cindy_chan@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">cindy_chan@schools.gov.sg</a> <br></p><hr><p><strong>Mdm S Anitha</strong><br>Vice-Principal</p><p>"When we seek to bring out the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves!” ~ William Arthur Ward</p><p>Teaching and learning is so full of excitement, wonder and joy that I am thrilled when one more pupil or colleague feels motivated to take up the challenge to try and learn something new and do their best in that endeavour! My belief is that we are unique individuals and have something special that we can bring to our own learning! It is a great feeling to provide children and peers opportunities to explore various ways to think and be committed to be a lifelong learner seeking knowledge and skills as they grow and serve others. As a school community, we can join hands to nurture our children to be confident individuals and responsible citizens!</p><p><a href="mailto:S_ANITHA@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">s_anitha@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mdm Ang Hwee Loo</strong><br>Vice-Principal</p><p>Every child has his/her own beauty and talent. As educators, we shall help our pupils find their wings and SOAR with them!&nbsp;</p><p><strong>S</strong>eek first to understand (our pupils), then to be understood;<br><strong>O</strong>pen up pathways and possibilities for them to fly;&nbsp;<br><strong>A</strong>ffirm and celebrate the little successes in pursuit of their passion;&nbsp;<br><strong>R</strong>emain steadfast in our mission as teachers - to lead, care and inspire!&nbsp;</p><p><a href="mailto:ang_hwee_loo@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">ang_hwee_loo@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><h5>School Staff Developer</h5><p><strong>Mr Kwek Khiok Chai</strong>&nbsp;</p><p>Today's teachers like yesterday's teachers will continue to engage the learners to develop holistically, be a good person and loyal to the country. But the approaches, the tools and technology used will have to evolve and be in sync with the current times in order to engage the learners' curiosity and interest.</p><p><a href="mailto:kwek_khiok_chai@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">kwek_khiok_chai@schools.gov.sg</a></p><p></p><p></p><p><strong>Mrs Sheree Teoh</strong>&nbsp;<br>HOD PE/CCA &amp; AESTHETICS (Covering)</p><p>Teachers are like the light in the dark - always guiding and lending a helping hand to encourage and support the pupils. I hope to be the person that the pupils can depend on.</p><p><a href="mailto:chng_yen_teng_sheree@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">chng_yen_teng_sheree@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><h5>Partnership and Publicity</h5><p><strong>Mdm Rachel Sin Meng Hui</strong> <br>Subject Head - Partnership &amp; Publicity&nbsp;</p><p>孩子们需要一个安全、愉快的学习环境。我会尽力为他们打造这样的学习环境，并以尊重和真诚善待每一颗童心。</p><p><a href="mailto:sin_meng_hui_rachel@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">sin_meng_hui_rachel@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><h5>Student Development Team</h5><p><strong>Mrs Tina Ng</strong><br>Year Head (Upper Primary)</p><p>Our children are our treasured future and will remain the focus of all our efforts. I believe that if we bring out the best in a child, his or her presence will make a positive difference to the community.</p><p><a href="mailto:ng_tina@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">ng_tina@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mr Bryan Chang</strong><br>Year Head (Middle Primary)</p><p>I believe that every child should know that he or she can learn and therefore it is the trust and the sincerity that we have to build up to reach out to the child.</p><p><a href="mailto:chang_shian_chau_bryan@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">chang_shian_chau_bryan@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Miss Chen Degeng</strong><br>Assistant Year Head (Middle Primary)</p><p>Meaningful learning occurs when students are allowed to confront real problems, make choices, and find solutions.</p><p><strong><a href="mailto:chen_degeng@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">chen_degeng@schools.gov.sg</a></strong></p><hr><p><strong>Mrs Tan Hui Min</strong>&nbsp;<br>Year Head (Lower Primary)</p><p>我相信认真快乐的老师能营造快乐愉悦的学习环境和气氛，让莘莘学子们能拥有一段难忘快乐的学习旅程。</p><p><a href="mailto:lim_hui_min@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">lim_hui_min@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mdm Maslinda Bte Abd Wahab</strong><br>Assistant Year Head (Lower Primary)</p><p>Every child is a star in its own light!</p><p><a href="mailto:maslinda_abd_wahab@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">maslinda_abd_wahab@schools.gov.sg</a> <br></p><hr><h5>Character and Citizenship Education (CCE)</h5><p><strong>Mr Jason Chua Kian Seng</strong>&nbsp;<br>HOD CCE Student Management (Covering)<br>Subject Head - PE</p><p>As a physical educator, I believe that holistic education is the approach towards my goal of education, that is, to engage students in learning, to bring out the best in them and help them to be the most that they can be.</p><p><a href="mailto:chua_kian_seng@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">chua_kian_seng@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><hr><p><strong>Mdm Nursasterawati Bte Md Yatim</strong> <br>Subject Head - Student Well-being</p><p>I believe that learning should be engaging, enjoyable and a meaningful lifelong experience.</p><p><strong><a href="mailto:nursasterawati_md_yatim@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">nursasterawati_md_yatim@schools.gov.sg</a></strong></p><hr><p><strong>Miss Ong Lijing</strong><br>Senior Teacher - Educational Support</p><p>Every child can learn, and even teach others, to become better. May we be able to guide them and remind them to enjoy and treasure what is important.</p><p><a href="mailto:ong_lijing@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">ong_lijing@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Ms Mirna D/O Ramalengam</strong><br>SH - Student Development (Covering) </p><p>I believe that every child is like coal. By applying pressure, they can become diamonds.<br><br><strong><a href="mailto:mirna_ramalengam@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"><u>mirna_ramalengam@schools.gov.sg</u></a></strong></p><hr><p><strong>Mdm Juhariyah Bte Johari</strong>&nbsp;<br>Subject Head - National Education&nbsp;&amp; Social Studies</p><p>Education is not preparation for life, education is the journey to life itself.</p><p>&nbsp;<a href="mailto:juhariyah_johari@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">juhariyah_johari@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p></p><h4>Information Communication and Digital Media &amp; School Library</h4><p><strong>Mr Ma Chen</strong><br>HOD - Information Communication and Digital Media (ICDM)</p><p>Education is not the learning of facts, but the training of the mind to think.</p><p><a href="mailto:ma_chen@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">ma_chen@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><h5>English Language and Social Studies Department</h5><p><strong>Mr Md Irwan Bin Md Isa</strong><br>HOD English Language and Social Studies Department</p><p>As a Teacher, I believe in Empathising with my pupils' learning needs prior to Assessing their full potentials Carefully and Honestly so that I can Enjoy my role with a Reflective mind.</p><p><a href="mailto:mohammad_irwan_md_isa@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">mohammad_irwan_md_isa@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Ms Nur Millah Bte Rasimin</strong>&nbsp;<br>Level Head - English Language</p><p>The best kind of teacher is one who commands respect and love from her students - and in that way students will naturally want to learn from that teacher.</p><p><a href="mailto:nur_millah_rasimin@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">nur_millah_rasimin@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mrs Mok Song Imm</strong>&nbsp;<br>Lead Teacher - English Language&nbsp;</p><p>I believe that the best learning occurs in a fun and engaging environment.</p><p><a href="mailto:mok_song_imm@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">mok_song_imm@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mdm Ler Lay Ching</strong><br>Senior Teacher-English Language</p><p>I believe in giving the best to the future generation. Students will be strongly motivated if they know that their teachers are teaching from their hearts.</p><p><a href="mailto:ler_lay_ching@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">ler_lay_ching@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><h5>Mathematics Department&nbsp;</h5><p><strong>Mr Philip Chiu</strong><br>HOD Mathematics&nbsp;</p><p>Pupils should develop to be lifetime learners and continue to improve their talents, skills and knowledge. Therefore, teachers should not only teach pupils what to learn, but also, more importantly, teach them how to learn.</p><p><a href="mailto:chiu_shek_man_philip@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">chiu_shek_man_philip@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mrs Kwek Ai Ling</strong> <br>Level Head (Mathematics)</p><p>I believe every child can learn and succeed regardless of their starting point and the time needed.</p><p><a href="mailto:chau_ai_ling@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">chau_ai_ling@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mr Joseph Joel Ang</strong>&nbsp;<br>Senior Teacher - Mathematics&nbsp;</p><p>Every child is able to learn. Helping pupils to find their learning styles would enable them to become effective learners.</p><p><a href="mailto:joseph_ang_chay_hee@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">joseph_ang_chay_hee@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><h4>Science Department</h4><p><strong>Mdm Tay Anling</strong>&nbsp;<br>HOD Science</p><p>You can teach a pupil a lesson a day but if you can develop his curiosity, he will continue his learning process for as long as he lives. <br></p><p><a href="mailto:tay_anling@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">tay_anling@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mdm Sumitha D/O Sudevan</strong>&nbsp;<br>Level Head - Science</p><p>I believe that every child deserves an opportunity to learn and excel to the best of his abilities, under the guidance of a caring and disciplined teacher.</p><p><a href="mailto:sumitha_sudevan@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">sumitha_sudevan@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mrs Huang Li Juan</strong>&nbsp;<br>Senior Teacher - Science&nbsp;</p><p>I believe that children live up to what we believe in them.</p><p><a href="mailto:siau_li_juan@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">siau_li_juan@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mrs Janet See</strong>&nbsp;<br>Senior Teacher - Science&nbsp;</p><p>I believe that pupils learn best in a non-threatening environment where they are not afraid to make mistakes from which they will learn and become wiser.</p><p><a href="mailto:chong_yen_lian_janet@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">chong_yen_lian_janet@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><h4>Mother Tongue Department&nbsp;</h4><p><strong>Mdm Li Jing</strong>&nbsp;<br>HOD Mother Tongue&nbsp;</p><p>一名优秀的教师，需要具备随时调整自己来适应不同学生需求的能力。用心去关爱他们，用行动去感染他们。那么自己所收获的不仅仅是一个品学兼优的学子，还会拥有他们那颗感恩的心。</p><p><a href="mailto:li_jing_a@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">li_jing_a@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mrs Tan Hui Min</strong>&nbsp;<br>Level Head - Chinese Language</p><p>我相信认真快乐的老师能营造快乐愉悦的学习环境和气氛，让莘莘学子们能拥有一段难忘快乐的学习旅程。</p><p><a href="mailto:lim_hui_min@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">lim_hui_min@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mr Taufek Bin Siniwi</strong>&nbsp;<br>Subject Head -Malay Language/Tamil Language&nbsp;</p><p>Every Child Deserves An Opportunity To Learn.</p><p><a href="mailto:taufek_b_siniwi@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">taufek_b_siniwi@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Miss Chew Bee Hoon</strong>&nbsp;<br>Senior Teacher - Chinese Language&nbsp;</p><p>始终贯彻坚守教岗的信念。我坚信以诚关爱、用心感化，必能牵引学子之心，内化品学，春风化雨。以感恩之心，引领、启发快乐的小天使成为未来闪亮的星星。</p><p><a href="mailto:chew_bee_hoon@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">chew_bee_hoon@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mdm Tuminah Bte Mohd Bakir</strong>&nbsp;<br>Senior Teacher - Malay Language&nbsp;</p><p>I believe in nurturing, inspiring and motivating each child with tender care and sincerity.</p><p><a href="mailto:tuminah_mohamed_bakir@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">tuminah_mohamed_bakir@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><h4>Physical Education, Art and Music (PAM) Department</h4><p><strong>Mrs Sheree Teoh</strong>&nbsp;<br>HOD PE/CCA &amp; AESTHETICS</p><p>Teachers are like the light in the dark - always guiding and lending a helping hand to encourage and support the pupils. I hope to be the person that the pupils can depend on.</p><p><a href="mailto:chng_yen_teng_sheree@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">chng_yen_teng_sheree@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mr Jason Chua Kian Seng</strong>&nbsp;<br>Subject Head - PE Covering HOD - Character and Citizenship Education (CCE Student Development)</p><p>As a physical educator, I believe that holistic education is the approach towards my goal of education, that is, to engage students in learning, to bring out the best in them and help them to be the most that they can be.</p><p><a href="mailto:chua_kian_seng@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">chua_kian_seng@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mr Abdul Wahab&nbsp;Bin Abdul Rahman</strong>&nbsp;<br>Lead Teacher - PE&nbsp;</p><p>I believe in being a PE Mentor to every pupil, Build their confidence, Engage them in Learning, Inspire them to Excel and be a Facilitator of knowledge.</p><p><a href="mailto:wahab_rahman@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">wahab_rahman@schools.gov.sg</a></p><hr><p><strong>Mr Skye Gan Soon Keat</strong>&nbsp;<br>Senior Teacher - Music</p><p>Teaching is not hard work, it's HeartWork. I teach like how I would like to be taught. Putting myself in the shoes of my students allows me to come up with engaging and inspiring lessons.</p><p><a href="mailto:gan_soon_keat@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">gan_soon_keat@schools.gov.sg</a></p>