---
title: 21CC
permalink: /21cc/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Co Curricular
---
<ol data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p><strong>Community in Bloom (Grow and Share Initiative 2025) – Xingnan Primary School Farm-to-table P1 ALP – Farmtastic beginnings</strong>
</p>
<p>Xingnan Primary School participated in Nparks Community-in-Bloom programme
and ‘Grow and Share initiative 2025’. As part of the Primary 1 Applied
Learning Programme – Farmtastic beginnings, Primary 1 students planted
their own edible vegetables and harvested them. Some of the harvest was
shared with residents from Nanyang CC. The Primary 1 students learnt about
food sustainability and even brought
<br>the vegetables home to cook, sharing their pictures and videos of them
cooking. Nparks supported us with seeds and resources such as videos.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="https://www.cgs.gov.sg/toilet-tales/" rel="noopener nofollow" target="_blank">NEA Cleaner Public Toilets Campaign - Toilet Tales Creative Competition</a><strong> (<em>Primary 4 VIA 2025</em>)</strong>
</p>
<p></p>
<p><u>Nobody likes a Dirty Toilet! Not Even Me. Written by: Sumayyah Binte Mohammad Fauzi</u>
</p>
<p><em>If we don’t keep our toilets clean, we will suffer from the toilet monsters! The toilet monsters are nice when we keep the toilets clean but mean when we don’t take care of the toilets. Let me introduce you to the different types of monsters. Let’s start with the floor and toilet monster who hates when people splash water on the floor and when there is tissue paper on the floor. If we don’t keep the floor clean, we will be used to clean the floor and if we don’t throw the tissue paper in the bin the monster will use us to throw rubbish into our mouth! Next up we have the toilet bowl monster. The toilet bowl monster does not like it when people do not flush the toilet<br>bowl. If we don’t flush the toilet, the flush monster will flush us down the toilet. Last but not least, we have the toilet bowl monster’s cousin, the toilet seat monster! The toilet seat monster does not like it when the toilet seats are dirty. If we don’t keep the toilet seat clean, we will be used to clean the toilet seat.</em>
</p>
<p></p>
</li>
</ol>
<p></p>